Girl 1: So, Jessica, I heard you broke up with Brad.
Girl 2: Who are you gonna date; now that you can date anyone?
Jessica: I don’t know. I mean, obviously if someone special comes along. B-But I mean really special, like, nothing I’ve even remotely considered in the past.
Morty: (muttering while fixing his hair) Holyshitholyshitholyshit.
Girl 1: I want that kind of love like that docking kind of love.
Girl 2: Oh, yeah.
Girl 1: Like, penis in the foreskin kind of love Mm-hmm just, like, warm, just like...
[girls notice Morty]
Morty: Hey... (Cough) ah...
Rick: Everybody, fuck off. Morty, I need your help. W-W-W-We We need to go on a quick adventure.
Morty: You said I could go to school today.
Rick: That was before I needed something, Morty. There’s a plasma shard in the Abadango Cluster. A princess has it. If I get it, I’ll be awesome.
Morty: We’ve been going non-stop, Rick. It’s not healthy. You know, these are my teenage years. I-I just found out Jessica’s single.
Rick: Oh, that’s Wow, Morty. Wow. What an exciting life you lead. (shoots portal) Let’s go. In and out, 20 minutes adventure.
[Timecard: six days later. Cut to Rick and Morty inside a space cruiser in unkempt and fatigued condition with Morty in the wheel and Rick holding wires]
Morty: They’re on our tail!
Rick: Steady, Morty. Five cetons.
[The two enters a mothership, while Rick pulls a wire and the ship slows down]
Steady, God damn it! Two cetons.
[Rick inserts an isotope in a box and places it on the dashboard and connects it with plugs]
Morty: Wha!
Rick: Fire!
[Morty pulls the trigger and shoots a laser, causing an explosion. The cruiser quickly gains speed]
Rick: Pull up, Morty, pull up! Pull up!
[The explosion causes a chain of explosions that eventually destroys the whole structure, while the two screams all the way and barely escapes the huge blast. Cut to the two on stage in an award ceremony. Cut to the two in the vehicle garage and gets in their vehicle. Some bottles can be heard dropping.]
[Morty buckles up]
Rick and Morty: (sigh)
Rick: (continues sighing) Fuck.
Morty: (crying)
Rick: (screams) Oh, fuck! Fuck! Ahh! Ahh!
Morty: I can’t fucking do this anymore!
Rick: That was seriously fucked up. We almost died.
Morty: So you agree?
Rick: Fuck yes! That w... T-This was insane! That was pure luck. I was not in control of that situation at all.
Morty: (continues crying)
Rick: (notices his hands shaking) Look at this, Morty. Look at my fucking hand. Look at this shit.
Morty: Why do you... Keep doing this to us?!
Rick: I don’t know, Morty. Maybe I hate myself, maybe I think I deserve to die. I-I-I-I don’t I don’t know!
Morty: (cries again)
Rick: We need a vacation.
(intro plays)
