This article is a transcript of the Rick and Morty episode The Ricks Must Be Crazy from Season 2. It aired on August 30, 2015.
walking away from Egan Cinema
Morty: Geez, I can't believe we found a version of Earth with a Ball Fondlers movie franchise.
Summer: I can't believe the things this reality considers PG-13
Morty: Yeah, I'm pretty jealous.
Rick: Don't be Morty, there are pros and cons to every reality, fun facts about this one; it's got giant telepathic spiders, eleven 9/11's, aaaand the best ice cream in the multiverse!
Summer: Shut up!
Morty: W-whoa!
Rick: We're gonna go get some ice-cream motherfuckers!
Car does not start.
Rick: Oh great.
Morty: Oh boy. W-what's wrong Rick, is it the quantum carburettor or something?
Rick: Quantum carburettor? Jesus Morty; you can't just add a sci fi word to a car word and hope it means something. Huh, it looks like something's wrong with the microverse battery - we're going to have to go inside.
Morty: Uhm. Go inside what?
Rick: The battery Morty. Be right back Summer; stay put, don't touch any buttons, and ignore all random thoughts that feel -- spider-y.
Summer: Wait! You can't leave me here!
Rick: You'll be fine. Ship, keep Summer safe.
Ship: Keep. Summer. Safe.
Summer: Egh, wonderful.
Man with scar across his face and a ponytail approaches the car.
Man: Hey, excuse me, hello?
Summer: Uhmm...
Man: What you think you're better than me? Nobody's better than me! Ey! ey!
He is banging on the ship's window; the ship extends an arm from the back and cuts him into cubes with a laser.
Summer: Agh! Aghaaaa!
Ship: Keep. Summer. Safe.
Thinner Man: Hey man, what the hell! That was my daughter's paediatrician!
Uagha!
The ship lifts him off the ground with an arm and prepares to kill him with another laser.
Summer: No! Stop, don't kill him!
Ship beeps.
Ship: Confirmed.
Ship fires a single red laser into his back, and drops him to the ground
Thinner Man: Uaghuu. Ugh. Uh. Oh God! I can't feel my legs! Help! He-elp!
Ship: Summer is safe.
Summer curls into fetal position and starts crying
Summer: I don't feel safe.
Ship: Confirmed.
ship reclines chair and begins playing soothing music.
the now paralysed man bangs on the door while crying.
Thinner Man: Oh God help me! Help me! help me please! You can help me.
//intro plays
Morty: Oh man. Where are we Rick?
Rick: Morty, remember eight seconds ago when -burp- when you said 'go inside what' and I said 'the battery' and then we showed up here?
